[The Premise - Prologue]

	Sarah was sleeping on her towel as the hot beach sun soaked into her skin. She loved the beach, she reveled in every aspect of it from the heat on her almond skin to the steady droning of the waves crackling in her ears. her fiance however wasn’t so blissful. As a kid he reveled in the beach just as she does, he'd swim in the ocean and boogie board in the cool atlantic waters, or he'd bring a shovel to dig for hours as his parents slept under their umbrellas. 

	As a kid the sand never seemed to chaif and the waves were always thrilling. Now it all seems disappointing, the waves can never seem as colossal as they did as a child. digging would at least pass the time, but it means getting covered in sand, and now that he's older the chafing of the drying saltwater on his skin seems to outweigh the faded novelty of trying to dig to china. he would sleep in the sun like sarah but he has already taken two naps and his restless turning covered his towel in sand that persisted no matter how hard he attempted to shake it off. he'd leave if he were alone but sarah loves the beach, so he endures his boredom for her sake. he found himself with only one activity left to sate his boredom. he tapped Sarah's shoulder to tell her that he was going for a walk and was already on his way before she mumbled her nonsense sleep muddled response.

	The tide was going out and his feet crunched into the thin dry crust above the soft wet sand left by the retreating tide. He thought as he walked, he mulled over an infinite amount of nothings as he soaked in his surroundings. the bliss of an empty mind soothed him as time spun past, and he walked and walked until he found himself at the end of the small barrier island. he paused at the edge before he felt himself compelled to keep on walking until he found himself wading into the cool ocean with the swells lapping at the bottom of his ribs. he stood there letting the shallow waves rise and fall on his chest as he reveled in the the feeling of being alone with nature. 
	
	he stood there mind empty, letting the shallow waves tug at him. The subtle undertow buried his feet and he stood there anchored to the earth untill a wavelet smacked against his chest and he snapped back to lucidity. His body almost jolted in shock as if he were caught drifting asleep by a particularly stern professor. He gathered himself and let his heart settle before turning back away from the sea. He yanked his foot from the clutching sand and he started his treck back to sarah. But, as his first step sank into the coarse sand beneath the water the smooth feeling of metal brushed across his skin catching his attention. He felt at it with his foot and after a moment he reached down to grab it. his head dipped beneath the surface and he grasped the band of metal. he surfaced with his prize. he wiped and opened his eyes, but the sting of the salt was soon stifled by the shock of him finding a gold watch in his hands. he turned it over in his hand inspecting it there in the water. 

	The watch was thin with a completely gold band and case. The face however was different. in place of where the glass should be there was a deep blue disk of metal with the small circular shimmer gained from being milled. Odder still was the fact that there was no discernable way to open this disk to reveal the clock it should be covering. it also didn't have a crown on the side for adjustment. At this point he wasn't sure if he could even call it a watch considering its lack of certain watch-like qualities beside its clear watch-like shape. regardless he wanted to try it on. so he slid it onto his wrist and pressed the clasp down locking it into place. It fits perfectly. He raised his wrist to marvel at it.

	he turned his wrist letting the sun shimmer off its metallic curves he stood there watching until he noticed the face turning. it swiveled vertically somehow turning through where his wrist should be. He hunched over bringing his wrist closer to get a better look at the carved wooden backing of the turning face and the shimmering bright surface inside before it closed. 

	it closed and suddenly his peripheral vision was filled with green and his ears popped. He looked up from the watch to gape in shock as he found himself standing at the crest of a hill. to his left was a forest down a slope covered in brush and rocks. to his right was a great grassy plain that extended as far as the eye could see. straight ahead the slope into the forest extended off into the horizon as if some great being had just decided to split the world in two and sank the forest 20 feet into the earth. He turned in place, not daring to move from the little puddle of salt water collecting at his feet. The expanse of green hills resembled the calm ripples of the atlantic and the rounded slope the edge of the forest made on the horizon reminded him of the dunes of the beach.

	His initial shock and awe was soon replaced with confusion. Why was he standing in the middle of nowhere? Was he seeing reality? He had no clue where he was and thought he might be dreaming, but the wet feeling of grass between his toes and the grass was too real to dismiss, so he doubted that possibility. He sat down to collect himself.

[End Prologue]

