un-stuck
    that story about the dude who gets pulled from world to world.


	sarah was sleeping on her towel as the hot beach sun soaked into her almond skin she loved the beach. her fiance however wasnt so lucky. as a kid he loved the beach just as she does, he'd swim in the ocean and boogieboard in the cool atlantic waters, or he'd bring a shovel and dig for hours as his parents slept under umbrellas and still somehow got burnt. as a kid the sand never seemed to chaif and the waves where always thrilling. now it all seems disapointing, the waves can never seem as collosal as they did as a child. digging would atleast pass the time, but it means getting covered in sand, and now that he's older the chaifing of the drying saltwater on his skin seems to outweigh the shriveled novelty of trying to dig to china. he would sleep in the sun like sarah but he has already taken two naps and his wrestless turning covered his towel in sand that seemed to stick no matter how hard he attempted to shake it off. he'd leave if he where alone but sarah loves the beach, so he endures his boredome for her sake. he found himself with only one activity left to saite his boredome, he tapped sarahs shoulder to tell her that he was going for a walk. she mumbles in response still half asleep and he began walking down the shore.

	the tide was going out and his feet broke the thin dry crust above the soft wet sand left by the retreating waves. he thought as he walked, he thought about an infinate amount of nothings as he soaked in his suroundings. "the sky is so blue.", "wow thoes kids dug a really big hole.", "is that a freight ship?", "ooo seagulls!". he walked and thought untill he found himself at the end of the small barrier island. he decided to keep on walking waiding waist deep into the cool ocean. he stood there letting the shallow waves rise and fall on his chest as he reveled in the the feeling of being alone with nature. 
	
	after what felt like an hour but couldnt have been more than a few minoutes he gathered himself and turned back away from the sea. as his first step sank into the corse sand beneath the water the smooth feeling of metal brushed across his skin. he felt at it with his foot and after a moment he reached down to grab it. his head dipped beneath the surface and he grasped the band of metal. he surfaced with his prise. he opened his eyes and the sting in his eyes was immediately stifled by the shock of him finding a gold watch in his hands. he turned it over in his hand inspecting it right there in the waist deep water. 

	the watch was thin and completely gold except for the face wich was the oddest part of the piece. in place of where the glass should be there was a deep blue disk of metal that shimmered with the marks it gained while being milled. odder still was the fact that there was no decirnable way to open this disk to reveal the clock it should be covering. in fact the watch had no crown on the side for adjustment, at this point he wasnt sure if he could even call it a watch considering its lack o ceartian watch-like qualities. regardless he wanted to try it on. he slid it onto his wrist and pressed the clasp down locking it into place. it fit perfectly. he raised his wrist to marvel at it.

	he turned his wrist letting the sun shimmer off its metalic curves he stood there watching untill he noticed the face turning. it turned vertically somehow turning through where his wrist should be. he hunched over bringing his wrist closer to get a better look at the turning face and the shimmering bright surface inside before it closed. 

	it closed and suddenly his periferal vission was filled with green, his ears poped. he looked up from the watch to gabe in shock in shock as he found himself standing at the crest of a hill. to his left was a forrest down a slope covered in brush and rocks. to his right was a great grassy plain that extended as far as the eye could see. strait ahead the slope into the forest extended off into the horison as if some great being had just decided to split the world in two and sank the forest 20 feet into the earth.he turned in place not daring to move from the little puddle of salt water colecting at his feet. the expanse of green hills resembled the calm ripples of the atlantic and the rounded slope the edge of the forest made on the horison reminded him of the dunes of the beach.

	his initial shock and awe was soon replaced with confusion. why was he standing in the middle of nowhere? was what he seeing reality? he had no clue where he was and thought he might be dreaming, but the wet feeling of grass between his toes and the grass was too real to dismiss, so he doubted that posibility. he sat down to collect himself 


